So it's been moved that we proceed to recall the Secretary of the Army.
Mr. Chairman and I now deal with that assurance, but we do have another witness who is in
a sharp witness that we desire to put on before the Secretary of the Army.
The Secretary of the Army, I'm sure, has decided to chair the state of actual negative
within the room and the man that took it.
Well, after no time that's all I think he's been subpoenaed and is appeared there.
We desire to call Mr. Ryan, so as the next one is Mr. McIntyre.
So I have ordered Mr. Kevin.
So as the next one is the next one is Mr. Kevin.
Mr. Chairman and I are going to run the stand from the council and from you sir, that before
he's hearing the relevant, Mr. Serena is to be called before this committee in these hearings.
That's sure to be of any.
Yes sir, you have that assurance.
I thank you.
Mr. Chairman, I have one present for you.
Chair, over those of our previous members, please, please, Mr. President, you know, make an
out of our own little...
Very brief, but...
We have our own little business.
Mr. Chairman, I agree with Senator Doe no more.
I will have a moment, call Sergeant Manchester.
That's what Manchester is the next one.
All right.
I have some...
I'll come right here.
Shorten the thing.
I'll miss the man, Jessica, please.
The man's up in here.
Sergeant Manchester.
Well, the Sergeant is coming forward, Mr. Chairman.
Well, the Sergeant is coming forward, man.
We'll invite you.
Sergeant Manchester has been called into the committee room and is now taking his seat at the witness table.
Not in the field of public sessions.
And I would like to discuss matters having the...
The...
A compact...
Between certain members of the committee...
And witnesses, and they were involved in some cases, I think, that's generally expected.
The question is very early.
Probably the moment, Mr. Chairman.
The news target, Manchester.
He's got his phone, please.
He's found his brother's testimony about the case of food, the whole food, and nothing but the food to help the guys.
I'll say Sergeant.
Sergeant Manchester, what is your full name, please?
David Richard Manchester, sir.
A rite is yours.
I'm a rite with the Army.
I'm a spass sergeant in the Army.
Where are you, Sergeant?
I'm not in the Army, sir. I'm in the Air Force.
Where were you on the remember 17th, 1953, when certain photographs were made?
Oh, that was a black airport station.
That was a black airport station.
A black airport station.
Did you direct the making of certain photographs on that occasion?
I did sir.
I hint you, Sergeant, a photograph.
And I will identify it as being a photograph of the sector of the Army, Mr. Stevens,
and Mr. Shine, Colonel Bradley, and a fourth man, who might do not know.
And I will ask you to examine that photograph and see whether or not you directed the taking of it on November 17th.
A lot of Jackson, the photograph of the enemy, is a tribute number four in the chair of the photograph.
Here's a gun in the cellar, and you may proceed, Sergeant.
Yes, sir, this is the photograph that was taken out again.
If you know, can you identify the fourth man?
Yes, I can, sir.
Who is he?
He is Mr. Carl.
Mr. Carl, yes, sir.
Now, I will ask you to examine a photograph introduced for the Army, being a large one exhibit number three places.
I am speaking whether or not that in your opinion is the same photograph, the one you had asked examining.
I am interviewing Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams, and the first photograph I have in the event of obtaining a picture of four men.
We have a division or a mission of the fourth man.
Thank you.
Let me have that just one more time.
Are they not the photographs you have now looked at?
Introduce my Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams, and showing three men and the sleeve of a fourth man, in general and in the same photograph, as the one you had first handed you and showing a photograph of four men, the fourth man being his car.
It looks the same, sir.
Well, is there not in your opinion the same?
My opinion is, if you direct the safety of that photograph, I did circumstances of the photographer.
Staff Sergeant Lancer.
The unit where he is, he's in Japan right now.
In Japan, yes sir.
That was my understanding, you know, whether or not he has been directed to return at my request.
I do not know.
Do not know.
No sir.
Point of order, Mr. Point of order, come for all of you.
We can show that we have directed the street for the required.
What is the number that's right?
We just have a three unit of the two.
Two, three, two, one.
The number two, sir.
The proof of the number three.
Yes sir, that number two.
The one that's right is the three that's one that's in it and the evidence can be listed in number six.
In the number four, that's the way I'm referring.
Being the first one I presented to the witness.
Right, right.
Sergeant, did you know who, if they are the same photographs made from the same frame?
Did he either cut out the fourth man?
Yes sir, what did that, I did circumstances.
You did that, yes sir.
Why did you do that?
Well, the main reason, sir, was so that the photographs that I did have made would be centered on the three individuals who, in my mind, were the main characters of the pictures.
You did not consider Mr. Carl, main character of the picture.
No, I didn't, that's very difficult.
I thought that if they did you want to direct you to the map.
No sir.
You did it entirely on your own, I did sir.
I took a room with you to deliver that photograph.
I didn't deliver to anybody, sir, I sent one photograph to a private shine.
I want your photograph at his requester.
Is that the photograph I am now in June, and I will ask you to please write this case.
I'm being exhibit number...
The room is the same as the game it is, as it is number three.
Is that the one you sent to private shine?
This isn't the exact one, it's the copy of the one.
But I mean the copy, yes sir.
It is, it is the copy.
And the room that you sent is a copy of.
All, the room is number six, being the first photograph I have in June, when you took the room with me, sir.
I didn't send this to anybody, sir.
The unit, well then how do you know how the system is in this area, the position of it is in the position of it is in the map of the room.
Yes, I will just follow this.
Number six.
Yes, I couldn't say how they came into this position, sir.
I do not know.
My question is, the unit how they came into this position of the photograph, by the exhibit showing through me,
and with Levi, he has now developed Mr. Carr.
Oh no sir, you do not know sir.
And on your own, we should leave you put out the fourth man, regarding you as an important,
or whether the irregardement is unimportant, it's just that he was in an unfavorable position for the good future.
Sergeant, I can use those negatives.
How many photographs were taken there, that is, that is, that is, that is, there are eight photographs taken that day.
All two directions, all in my directions.
I think perhaps you have better fowls than negatives.
I'll slow this photographs.
I'll have them.
I'll have them in the bottom, super caution, if these are the negatives.
And now I have to do stamina in the space where they're not they are, and if so, battle them.
And that is my examination in chief and on our face, the witness.
We've passed ten seconds for station identification.
WNYC, New York City's own station.
They were supposed to bend the exploit and, according to our base portal lab, they were destroyed.
I imagine they were destroyed at the order of the, of one of the moh, who was in charge of the base portal lab, the Maguire Force Base.
Final of the data's destroyed.
Due to the fact that there was two things for printing, sir, that they were under exposure or something,
there was some defect and the negatives, so therefore they weren't of any value to us.
And then were they destroyed?
No, not all of those. They were destroyed. No, they were the 18, sir.
I couldn't stay there.
Best of you now, if you would like to go out of the day after the picture we take to the best of my knowledge, yes sir.
If you do the blowout of the big picture of us, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, sir.
Do you know who this?
I do not, sir.
But if I'm reaching out to you, I, not, sir, I don't know.
You know nothing about the base portal lab knowledge, you never know the truth if I missed you out.
I do not, sir.
Send him with me.
No questions.
Send your words.
Better find out.
I have no questions.
I have a time in here, no questions.
Mr. Robb.
No questions.
Send him a prayer.
Mr. Boone, just one of the questions.
Mr. Boone, please.
Mr. President, please.
I have something I missed.
You say that there are eight pictures taken on that day.
Yes, there are, sir.
Are the negative or positive in the world eight of those pictures?
No, we don't, sir.
Is there any record who was in the world that keeps you from taking pictures?
No, sir.
How many pictures do you have a record?
Three, sir.
Do we have thousands of those three pictures here?
No, we have the negatives of them, sir.
But no positive, not the negative.
Well, I wouldn't know, sir.
But, yeah, I like the pictures.
Yes, there they have them from me.
They have them from me, and I think there's the positive.
They're less different.
But I was just one week ago.
I looked at those right there, so it's a bit of a change.
Now, after you know,
I'll prove,
a positive picture, a negative picture from the slide,
what takes.
No, I couldn't say this.
You cannot say.
No, sir, you don't have a word on that.
Any of those five pictures were a secretary of defense,
and I've chained along.
No, sir.
You cannot talk.
I cannot say this.
I, I, I, will say this is my recognition as the UNI-1 picture.
Well, that's why you prove a secretary of defense, and I've brought a chained to that.
And, kind of, adding within that picture, you know, it's your fault.
And you've promised before I'm out of the picture, because I did.
As Mr. Al-Sacute, you were having doubted the picture.
You gave them the hadn't made that activation to capture.
But it was certainly nothing delivered, and all.
When you send private chained the picture as an official photograph,
there was no evil intent, or no divine annual fault,
and having come to the part of the picture for a quiet act, no, sir.
I believe you say you wanted to censor it on when you, the people you regard as the three central figures,
and you're trying to see if it's private chained, or not brought to that, right?
I see.
And, you say you did not make the flaw of this picture?
I did not, sir.
And I have seen you not know the problem of the car or the flaw of the picture.
I do not know.
You don't know if it's that.
No, sir.
You know that, have you heard from Mr. Al-Sacute, or I did not make the car or that picture?
I think you've been told that the world's presented it as a committee.
I have not.
I see.
I have no further questions.
Anybody else?
At the table?
Any questions you want to ask?
To ask Mr. Demetardi, no question, you're dismissed, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Chairman, I'm just glad you're confident, because many,
I would admit it counts along the speech that this witness was disposed of,
and, certainly, to both part of the same rules with respect to the proceeding of this incident,
I now desire to follow back the secretary of the Army and his esteem,
and say, you know, I have no further questions.
Hey, how are you?
Mr. Chairman, I find on the table what I take to be the film,
that the last witness has arrived.
All right, Mr. Watt, I'm going to make up the answer.
So, for the seventh consecutive day,
Secretary of the Army Stevens is back on the witness's hand.
Let's go to the chairman's center in March.
Where's the patient, Mr. Stevens, at this time, will pass.
Send over now.
Mr. Chairman, I do not want to ask any questions of the secretary.
What are those then to inquire?
If he has had time yet to compile a data that I requested regarding the number of man hours
that have been involved in this controversy, not yet the following.
No further questions.
Thank you, there are no questions, Mr. Chairman.
Senator Chatton?
No questions.
And the problem, I have no questions.
And the time, no questions.
And the question, hopefully, is still up, no questions.
Senator Chatton, you have Mr. Colony, Mr. Carthon.
Yes, ma'am, the number of persons is the chairman.
Mr. Chairman, you may recall you and I had one step late,
the Pentagon some time ago.
That's right.
I was there during the rotation, right?
And I've moved here to cover this before, but see if I'm frightened of this.
The group persons increased after the luncheon, that's right.
That's right.
Who will have luncheon number one with you?
Yes, sir.
I far, far, far, I've found John Adams and I.
So, after lunch, we've overweir joined by three other people that drink that type in who are living.
General Rich Wai, Chief of Staff, General Trudeau, Chief of Intelligence, the Army, Chief of Staff, and General Muget, Chief of Information.
And the brought home did we draw before the Riverland, the other two men, do you mean?
Well, I think we probably got lunch about 12, 30.
I had to get a visit, a visit to a club to a club and nothing to say, General Trudeau came in about there.
We've been meeting there at all, and basically finally meeting.
And we spent practically all the time and then we went on to start bringing the investigation of coming into a situation in the North-Hare East to Washington.
I don't know if those working military officers have become twice that's correct.
All for the rest of the final, not only of working military, instructions for all 40 times plans, that's right.
And that's where you will allow a happy, well you've all got the right stuff.
These investigations were being conducted and you said it is all for you.
We should go to the first company investigation, you're suspending little work for you, and let you pay for it.
Also, that's not correct. I was disturbed by the type of work that was being held, not by the investigation.
Did you object to the type of hearing that's right?
And from the, from those that hearing did you not write?
I didn't like the type of publicity that was emanating from the executive hearing that you were holding with regard to Courtman.
Did I explain to you about trying to match?
Through the wounds we have to do, or to open the door, or any when the new care returns to the gang, and you are the story of the away from the meetings that you've been using at work to put.
You run by certain majorities in regard to what occurred at various meetings.
That felt that I had no choice but to talk to the press after each meeting, which was a kind of any of your personnel.
Do those in the presence of Mr. Adams, give them a resume and plot a period without giving them the names of three witnesses, and that, yes, I did not accurately state the fact that Mr. Adams was the right to correct me, but the reason for this was to try to keep the records straight otherwise.
We have a few favorite individuals. I think I mentioned the name to the outfraughts and the persons at all who had yet to story from Pentagon and Leak, but I'll explain to you what the matter is.
I'd like to call all of that, or did you object at that time to the, to my briefing, the press after the executive session?
No, I didn't object to your briefing, the press, and it is, but the thing that I did object to was the first office, the way you placed them, through the way you placed them, and there was always your judgment.
Yes, sir.
This was after coming in a meeting.
I will see that for many times, but I will not have any time and I'll go without any time.
I will give you the whole of that number.
But right now, if I can go up to the time you're there, I'll just meet again, and again, I'll be working with one I think.
I'm going to move now, but at that time, you object would do this, and I agree, the press, for you to tell me that I didn't give the press the accurate story, the gentleman in the room, true story, to try and tell them what you objected to.
I was directed to the family over the head of the army and the unfair publicity that was going out in regards to these areas.
You've no heard of a family move with net, it's going to go rather rough.
For I think that the net, who will be the next morning at the family move with net?
For I think the, the one time the total is morning is a pretty good, a picture of a lot of talks about here.
It's been a few years since I've been up to your time.
All right, we're just going to move on and then we're going to get up until the race and we're going to meet up with the Pentagon.
The Army, you and the people coming into the Army don't you well?
Now I mean the security that the nut impact that life evaluated, it's almost public, an army army, well, there was time that's been ours in a substantial way,
that's both my luck and that was not an important for the fact that it's far as I was in the new.
The military is responsible for the weapons, the weapons, the weapons, the strength of that.
You know what, the suspension from 33 minutes was all because later either it's back down the truck moves and we're across the social issue of China.
That's not in Europe, isn't it? That's the stage for possible espionage.
I don't have the detail of the charges that the four-man McCarthy will predict that, as the rest of the rescue will produce the tail information.
You say there was no healthy energy for one.
Now we need to spend on 43 people because of their conscious background for conscious dimensions.
You were suspecting them, prefer the frame ray, give away the secret into which.
If you tell me we would not do that, there'd be no reason to suspect.
I don't believe that they were from the communist or communist background. That's in check each one of these cases before I was possibly described for that statement.
So you know the news point, you're in a much different location.
I know in general, but I don't know in detail. And we were looking for security risks. Now there are a lot of things besides the things you're talking about and can constitute a security risk.
Right now, in front of a security risk, you're talking about a man who may get away to nation's safety.
Possibly only at one intention, five days to talk ever, something at that moment on.
But many men who just talk about a security risk or a one of their risks, you're talking about a man who may either, prefer the great one or the one in purposefully, give away the nation's safety.
To talk about somebody that just wants to be darn sure that it's safe to have on-time to work.
Before this one is at the end of the year, together, fine.
Well, now, the American will do away a station.
I'm your wireless, and you have to know that, because now you thought about that, I said nothing correct.
Well, I'm a journalist, I can't get enough. That's right.
Now, just give a man, give some of your from this room for a year of the Army.
Give me some number, I'll tell you first.
St. Louis, please come back from the field. That's what you're going to do with my wife, from the young Vinodian.
Give me a word from the young, I'll tell you my word, they are fine.
So, they can't stop. Don't you know?
I like that, the people are asking, counsel about that, you knew.
I'd rather ask this today, because I, uh, I didn't tell them.
The suggestion just been unspoiled, he can't just, you may have died, you wouldn't have taken it.
I recall this thing we have in here.
The secretary of the very same question as to what has been our deal.
The senator has a right to pursue its mother at the so desire.
Don't know, you don't know who to deal with.
And I got involved with a few, just to be safe from several times this year, there was no FB not just for one.
And for all I had to know, I didn't know what FB not did.
I'm not dispeakable, there was no, uh, S.D. Amarja, at the time of that function that I knew about.
But something that's not, there hasn't been some spread.
You know, we're going to go with it.
Because of the problems with backgrounds or connections, that's not right.
Uh, I wouldn't say I can't agree on the wife, but I'm looking them up, senator, there were suspension,
both of which as you know, it took place in the month of our color time, some in November.
But one of the data for you, you remember?
Yes, November 6th.
Here's your call, about the name of the secretary.
But that's where it is, just in my eyes.
That I told you to this.
Uh, even though I personally like you.
So I couldn't possibly go off a hearing to this, I didn't have to go to the same time for activity.
Which I couldn't then, can hand again.
I'm a part of some of the members of the Office of Political Practice.
You remember that?
I don't remember that exact language, but I remember some general follow-up on that line, I think, senator.
One of those rough, rough way I told you this is what I, which is like a great.
And I'm still ready.
I could wouldn't go off the investigation because I thought it was a big, small friend of mine, for her to do it.
I remember some general talk along that line, senator.
Senator, Senator, Senator, time to expire.
Now, let's come.
No further questions, Mr. Chairman.
Now, if you set the chair, I'd like to ask you, uh, two questions about an event.
The relationship, not much of this channel area, the journalist is one particularly important.
That has come to the attention of the chairman over the questions that passed 48 hours.
It deals with, uh, the unique conversation and publication of what I think now may have been called two unsomistically,
as a memorable understanding to recall, I'm sure, that event.
That's it.
Uh, the report has come to me that it has been stated, and I'm sure not for you that I want you to be clear.
It has been stated that, uh, senator's father, senator's daughter, and son of his mom,
will deal with some times in practice in inviting you to the senate protest and come now by using the language to be called a chicken woman,
and send a dirty result that I'd like to ask you if you'd like to talk to your mother.
And if you recall, when I tell her to meet you one day from my office, about the possibility of having that woman,
yes, I don't worry about her, I know you're calling.
If you recall, as in general, the general of my conversation with you over the telephone was to be a bet,
that since a public hearing had gone astable, since the government, he came into us to argue or do it as a public hearing,
since you can speak in some relations with your father, how to make you like those,
follow the purposes for the public hearing, at the will that is in my life,
now that I'm not scared of the public opinion, your skewed, but a public senator's daughter, and I, together with none of my clients,
might be for once to see how well the hearing was just a human, and what would it be done?
Yes, I know, I don't remember all about you just said, Mr. Chairman, but substantially, that was the idea.
I think you're welcome, Paul, I think you should be specific, that we will have Dr. MacArthur, that's at once,
please, just sir, I'd like to thank you very much for your support for me, that somebody that's finished up the act,
and that's time to do the discussion, that you do not know that Dr. MacArthur doesn't do it that much,
I'm sure that I do that a little bit more, and I'm sure that I've signed the other facts that you get to my office,
throughout the work of the President, and I forget that to it, that is correct, thank you, Mr. Donald.
What was the date of that lunch and the last second thing, the 24th of February,
that was the part of the lunch and was the Donald Grats were not invited,
that were not present, you don't blame him for what occurred, no sir, thank you,
Senator, Senator Jack, no questions, Senator Scott, no questions, Senator Ben, no questions,
Senator Whitwick, no questions, Senator McArthur, no questions, Mr. Coleman,
Mr. Coleman, thank you, Mr. Coleman, to get to act as something we were talking about yesterday,
did you on November 24th, then John Adams in New York, spoke to me and sent him a coffee,
and Ed, whether or not, Senator McArthur would agree not to make a public issue,
and that's a general law of this command at 4th one.
November 24th, wasn't that the date that your public hearing started on 4th moment, that's the exact date?
I know, I think I know, John Adams testified to us, but I think he went up there for that hearing, that's my record.
Mr. Sir, maybe to understand my question to you was, I made,
did Mr. Adams continue your carrying a message from you, to Senator McArthur,
asking an assurance from Senator McArthur, that he would not make a public issue,
and charge reprise for cooperation, if you were to repeat general law of this command,
and you don't want it on that date for the next day.
As I have talked about, frankly, on what the chair says you call,
I had under consideration the question of the Manning General at 4th one.
I, again, say I dislike very much to go into the personal situation of a final professional soldier.
I have a question about some statements that were reported to me,
and I also as I testified yesterday morning,
I wanted to be sure that all of our commanding officers, including General Lawton,
use the maximum possible judgment with respect to any suspension that may,
for the end of the rule of work on justice and injustice on an innocent person.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Jakes, may I say you, please,
please, be aware of my act?